- Subscriptions
Information about the auto-renewable nature of the subscriptions.
You will get VIP Membership and enjoy unlimited wallpers when you subscribe our service.
Subscription period lasts for one week and be renewed automatically weekly. 
Prices: 4.99/weekly
Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchases.
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
Account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period.
You can cancel your subscription via this url: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039

- Privacy Policy & EULA
This End User License Agreement (“Agreement”) is between you and the app and governs use of this app made available through the Apple App Store. By installing the app, you agree to be bound by this Agreement and understand that there is no tolerance for objectionable content. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are not entitled to use the app.
In order to ensure the app provides the best experience possible for everyone, we strongly enforce a no tolerance policy for objectionable content.

1. Parties
This Agreement is between you and the app only, and not Apple, Inc. (“Apple”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and Apple has the right to enforce this Agreement against you.

2. Privacy
The app may collect and use information about your usage of the app, including certain types of information from and about your device. The app may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify you, to measure the use and performance of the app.

3. Limited License
The app grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the app for your personal, non-commercial purposes. You may only use the app on Apple devices that you own or control and as permitted by the App Store Terms of Service.

4. Age Restrictions
By using the app, you represent and warrant that (a) you are 9 years of age or older and you agree to be bound by this Agreement; (b) if you are under 9 years of age,you have obtained verifiable consent from a parent or legal guardian; and (c) your use of the app does not violate any applicable law or regulation. Your access to the app may be terminated without warning if the app believes, in its sole discretion, that you are under the age of 9 years and have not obtained verifiable consent from a parent or legal guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and you provide your consent to your child’s use of the app, you agree to be bound by this Agreement in respect to your child’s use of the app.

5. Objectionable Content Policy
Content may not be submitted to the app, who will moderate all content and ultimately decide whether or not to post a submission to the extent such content includes, is in conjunction with, or alongside any, Objectionable Content. Objectionable Content includes, but is not limited to: (i) sexually explicit materials; (ii) obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous, violent and/or unlawful content or profanity; (iii) content that infringes upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary right, or that is deceptive or fraudulent; (iv) content that promotes the use or sale of illegal or regulated substances, tobacco products, ammunition and/or firearms; and (v) gambling, including without limitation, any online casino, sports books, bingo or poker.

6. Warranty
The app disclaims all warranties about the the app to the fullest extent permitted by law. To the extent any warranty exists under law that cannot be disclaimed, the app, not Apple, shall be solely responsible for such warranty.

7. Maintenance and Support
The app does provide minimal maintenance or support for it but not to the extent that any maintenance or support is required by applicable law, the app, not Apple, shall be obligated to furnish any such maintenance or support.

8. Product Claims
The app, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims by you relating to the app or use of it, including, but not limited to: (i) any product liability claim; (ii) any claim that the app fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) any claim arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed an admission that you may have such claims.

9. Third Party Intellectual Property Claims
The app shall not be obligated to indemnify or defend you with respect to any third party claim arising out or relating to the app. To the extent the app is required to provide indemnification by applicable law, the app, not Apple, shall be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any claim that the app or your use of it infringes any third party intellectual property right.
